DOCS: Clarify MAINT type in commit guidelines (#5398)
mumble-voip/mumble: COMMIT_GUIDELINES.md

| FORMAT   | Change of formatting - does not influence how the code works | Change indentation of a line; Add braces around `if` body |
| DOCS     | Changes to the documentation (either in-source or out-of-source) | Add a Doxygen comment to a function |
| TEST     | Adds, changes or removes a test-case | |

> | MAINT    | Maintenance - Change of non-code files | Make changes to plist file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MAINT    | Maintenance - Change of non-code files | Make changes to `.plist` or `.rc` files |
```
